c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\MetaWPF.exe.config
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\MetaWPF.exe
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\MetaWPF.pdb
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.dll
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.dll
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.pdb
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.xml
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.xml
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.g.resources
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.exe
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.pdb
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\UI\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\UI\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mateu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\Simple Styles.baml
C:\Users\mateu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\UI\Graficos.baml
C:\Users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\UI\Graficos.g.cs
C:\Users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\MetaWPF.exe.manifest
C:\Users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\bin\Debug\MetaWPF.application
C:\Users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.exe.manifest
C:\Users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.application
C:\Users\mateu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MetaWPF\MetaWPF\obj\Debug\MetaWPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
